1.4 jof 2164328 common versions etc (#441)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/assemblies/assembly_introduction-to-stf.adoc

ifeval::["{build}" == "downstream"]
[IMPORTANT]

> {Project} ({ProjectShort}) is compatible with {OpenShift} version 4.10.

Author: ```suggestion
{Project} ({ProjectShort}) is compatible with {OpenShift} version 4.8.
```

endif::[]

.Additional resources

* For more information about how to deploy {OpenShift}, see the  https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.10/[{OpenShift} product documentation].
* You can install {OpenShift} on cloud platforms or on bare metal. For more information about {ProjectShort} performance and scaling, see https://access.redhat.com/articles/4907241[Service Telemetry Framework Performance and Scaling].

> * You can install {OpenShift} on bare metal or other supported cloud platforms. For more information about installing {OpenShift}, see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/welcome/index.html#cluster-installer-activities[OpenShift Container Platform {NextSupportedOpenShiftVersion} Documentation].

Author: ```suggestion
* You can install {OpenShift} on bare metal or other supported cloud platforms. For more information about installing {OpenShift}, see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/welcome/index.html#cluster-installer-activities[OpenShift Container Platform 4.8 documentation].
```
